Why hasn't this bridge come back yet?
This kid is so sad
The boat drove to a unicorn bone.
I don't know how many evil years are thinking of him
Old lunatic, what are your hobbies?
I'm helping you.
Get out of here, come closer to me and call someone, oh you
Ghosts are on
I'm taking off your pants to help you
It's a ghost, you old crazy old pervert
I'm going to call someone
What's the use of calling someone like an old lunatic?
Just let me dig his heart out
I've already quenched my thirst
It must be the double of Emotional Comfort.
The blood is gone
What kind of blood?
I told you you were a zombie
I don't care.
Bye
Master of wind and rain
You mustn't go
I was wrong, grandson.
Are you going or not?
Oh wait a minute
I'm leaving right now
Immediately, the chest muscles will explode
What about a man's mouth fooling a ghost?
It's almost dawn.
You're okay?
But the relationship is miserable